You are the Lin Xin of Yunxiaodong
Ye Xiong, I'm here this time
Just to understand
Except for the marriage contract that our two families once made
This is the engagement token your Ye family gave to my Lin family
I brought it with me.
Return to original owner
Is this a mistake?
At first, the Ye Lin family made a palace appointment
The old man is also one of the witnesses
Why is this fine suddenly about to break off the marriage?
realize
Why did you say you broke off the marriage?
This kid doesn't act like a spoiled child, he has to take care of him
A mere 250 people
Yunxiao Sect that can be worthy of the Six Cauldrons Realm of Xiyue
Saint?
6 to
The Holy Son of the Yellow Mansion is right
The engagement between Ye Wuji and Saintess Lin
I also know a thing or two
But he is an old emperor
Now Ye
Wuji is just a waste that has been trapped in second grade for many years
How can you be worthy of Saintess Lin, who is talented and proud?
Ye Wuji, hurry up and come over and sign the divorce letter
friend
Marriage has not been said since ancient times
Changes in the body due to family circumstances
Just change it at will
Could it be that
Is the Lin family such a poor and rich person?
You are a little fourth grade five
Dare to speak here
old thing
You are the person in Hao'er
Are they all so ignorant of respect and inferiority?
Leng Saintess Palace Holy Son, please calm down
Huang Long, the apprentice you brought is a waste
You are also a waste
The face-to-face of the Holy Daughter of Canglan Wen and the Holy Son of Canopy
How can you speak
Someone take Huang Long down for me and punish him severely